# GLP1R_backup
This repository contains files of modeling GLP1R homodimer from XL data.

This project is building GLP1R homodimer model using integrative modeling
 platform (IMP). System is represented from X-ray crystallization structure
 and mass spectrometry chemical crosslinking data. The system is then sampled
 and analyzed by Integrative Modeling Platform (IMP).

IMP version: 2.11.0 stable release

written by: Huaiqing Cao, Sali lab, Shanghaitech University

1. Introduction of files
1.1 Data
The experimental data and input files are collected in Data folder.

20181219.xlsx: Chemical crosslinking data from Wenqing's lab. It contains
 crosslinked residue pairs and linker information.

5vew.fasta: Sequence file. It is consist with structure in M.pdb.

5vew.pdb: X-ray crystallization structure file from Protein Data Bank (PDB).
 The structure contains 7-transmembrane domain and fusion partner which is 
 added for crystallization. Some parts of internal and external cellular
 loops were not crystallized. 

M.pdb: The full structure generated by complement missing loops using Modeller.

topology.txt: Topology files required by IMP's pmi module.
 It defines rigid bodies for the structure.

xl txt files: Crosslinking input files required by crosslinking restraints.
 These multiple files are generated to clarify locations of each crosslink
 pairs. xlinks.txt contains all the pairs.


1.2 Modeling
Scripts for sampling the system is collected in modeling folder.

The latest version is new_script.py.


1.3 Analyzing
Scripts for analyzing the sampled results are collected in Analyzing folder.
 Use test_clustering.py to cluster the sampled results, and use
 test_accuracy.py and test_precision_rmsf.py to analyze accurace and
 precision of the clustered results.


2. Running
Before sampling the system, topology file and crosslinking file should be 
 prepared carefully. Names in each column from topology file should be 
 consistent with the names in other input files. 

For example:
molecular_name in topology.txt: GLP1R_A;
molecular_name in xlinks.txt: GLP1R_A.

fasta_id in topology.txt: 5VEWA
fasta_id in 5vew.fasta: 5VEWA

The command to start sampling is: python3 new_script.py

The command to start clustering is: python3 test_clustering.py
